Source: https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Seasons

----------------------------------------

Seasons were introduced to Islands on March 13, 2021 . The spring, summer, fall, and winter seasons cycle every 24 hours, changing at 5 pm UTC ( 1 pm EDT / 10 am PDT ). During each season, grass and most trees change colors and certain villagers may visit the player's island to offer a limited amount of season-exclusive seeds .

The current season is indicated above the search bar when a player opens their inventory . Wind can also blow during any season, but it is aesthetic and serves no real purpose. Rain can fall during any season, but is more common in spring.

Seasons [ ]

Fall [ ]

During fall:

Cletus appears on the player's island . Pumpkin seeds can be bought for 1,040 coins . Pumpkins can be sold for 52 coins. Blueberry seeds can be purchased for 1,500 coins. Grass has a more yellow hue. Birch and oak trees have orange and yellow canopies. All fruit trees have a maroon-red canopy except for palm trees and kiwi trees .

Winter [ ]

During winter:

Fulco has a chance to visit the player's island . Fertile white roses can be bought for 450 coins . Grass has a white top layer. Rabbits can spawn. All trees have white leaves except for palm trees , kiwi trees , pine trees , and hickory trees .

Spring [ ]

During spring:

Cletus appears on the player's island . Radish seeds can be bought for 1,450 coins . Radishes can be sold for 59 coins. Blackberry seeds can be bought for 1,500 coins . With some possibility, Pineapple seeds can be bought for 2,850 coins . Pineapples can be sold for 96 coins . Tree canopies return to their usual green color. Grass returns to its normal green color. Rain has a higher chance of falling, thus frogs have a higher chance of spawning.

Summer [ ]

During summer:

Cletus has a 25% chance to visit the player's island . Watermelon seeds can be bought for 1,850 coins . Watermelons can be sold for 85 coins. Fulco appears on the player's island. Either fertile red roses or fertile blue roses can be bought for 220 coins. The canopies of oak , birch , and pine trees become more saturated. Grass has a brighter green color.

Trivia [ ]

Winter is the only season without a seasonal crop. All of the seasonal crops can be grown in any season.