Source: https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Diamond_Mines

----------------------------------------

Diamond Mines Required skill Level 46 Combat Resources Iron Ore Gold Ore Copper Ore Diamond Enchanted Diamond Villagers Jed Mobs Coal Rock Mimic Iron Rock Mimic Gold Rock Mimic Kor The Diamond Mines is an island that can be accessed through a portal on Buffalkor Island , a Diamond Mines portal , Diamond Mines orb , or a Kor orb . It is inhabited by Kor and has island-exclusive ores; diamond and enchanted diamond . Level 46 Combat is required to access the Diamond Mines.

Resources [ ]

Ores [ ]

The following ores spawn in the Diamond Mines can be broken by the player:

Iron Ore Gold Ore Copper Ore Diamond Enchanted Diamond

Four diamond rocks spawn after killing Kor , and there is a slight chance of an enchanted diamond rock spawning in place of a normal diamond rock.

Portals [ ]

The Diamond Mines only has one portal which is used to teleport the player to and from Buffalkor Island . A teleporter pad near this portal can be used to teleport to and from the Diamond Mines.

Mobs [ ]

Rock Mimic [ ]

Coal , iron , and gold rock mimics spawn throughout the Diamond Mines disguised as a coal , iron , gold rock .

Kor [ ]

Kor can be found in the Diamond Mines. Once defeated, four diamond rocks will emerge from the ground, with a small chance of a diamond rock being an enchanted diamond rock . Kor has a cooldown period of 90 minutes (1 hour and 30 minutes) that can be bypassed with 500 Kor tokens .

Villagers [ ]

Jed [ ]

Jed is a villager located in front of a cabin near the entrance of the Diamond Mines. He does not have any quests and does not sell nor buy anything. His only purpose is to provide the player with information on how to get diamonds .

Layout [ ]

The Diamond Mines entrance is located inside the Buffalkor Island cave, near the Wizard Island Portal .

Inside, the cave is full of gold , iron, copper , and rarely, diamond rocks . Different paths and tunnels with tall roofs twist around the island. The house of the Jed NPC can be found near the entrance to the mine. A greyish-blur fog covers the island.

An elevated tunnel in the right of the Jed's house leads the player to the platform above the void. Between the 2 ancient pillars, the player can hold F (keyboard), hold tap (mobile), or hold X (Xbox) to evoke Kor and start the boss fight.

Near the circular platform there is a pond. As of February 19, 2021 Update, there are no fish in it.

The Diamond Mines have one opening leading to daylight overhead, and it is possible to explore the surface of the island by finding a small rock tunnel leading to outdoors, entered via one of the underground caverns. However there are no items to be found there.

Trivia [ ]

The void under the Kor bossfight platform deals 1,001 damage if the player falls into it, instantly killing them. It is one of the two forms of environmental damage in Islands , the other being lava pools in the Underworld . Instead of playing "A Day in the Sky" like other mob islands, the Diamond Mines plays "Beach Day" instead.

Gallery [ ]