Source: https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Tutorial

----------------------------------------

Since the July 17, 2020 update , the Tutorial is a quest-like feature that all new players must take. It shows you the basics of the game, and gets you set up to play on your own. Instead of giving you a Workbench Tier 1 , it now gives you a Workbench , a type of workbench with only 2 recipes, and an extra mini-island with a tree and an iron node.

In the March 5, 2021 update, the Tutorial was changed and revamped. The whole starter island was revamped, there was a smaller island and a larger "main" island. On the main island, the player could cut down their first tree and start to farm. Before the Revamp , The plow was on the 1st island (out of 3), but after, it was on the 2nd "Main" Island (out of 2).

The first step the player was required to do was to mine grass blocks to get to the main island.

The Tutorial (March 5th, 2021) [ ]

Welcome to your island!

In Islands you can build , trade , explore , and more. Your island is one of many in the Islands universe

Let's start by learning how to use your axe. Select it by clicking on the hotbar.

(Select Wooden Axe)

Nearly everything on your island is destructible. Go destroy a tree to gather wood. Click-and-hold on the tree.

(Chop down a Tree)

Now let's craft a pickaxe. Open your Starter Workbench and craft the Wooden Pickaxe.

(Craft a Wooden Pickaxe)

Let's create a bridge to your portal. Gather a few blocks of grass using the pickaxe.

(Mine Grass)

Create a bridge by placing the grass blocks.

(Place Grass)

There is lots to explore! When you're ready, enter the Magic Portal.

(Go through the portal)

You have discovered the Hub. This is where you gather materials, trade with merchants, and explore.

The Hub village has easy access to Iron , Coal, and Stone. Try Gathering some Iron near the mining area.

(Mine Iron Ore)

When you're ready to go back to your island, click the Home button on the right side of your screen.

(Ends Tutorial)