Source: https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Snowball_Fight

----------------------------------------

Snowball Fight Players 10 Teams 2 (Reindeers vs. Elves) Rewards 150-290 Snowflake Tickets, also 1 Christmas Present 2022 for the winning team. Location Hub; Gingerbread Town Duration December 16, 2022 - January 1, 2023 Type Combat

Snowball Fight is a LTGM (Limited Time Game Mode) that takes place during the Christmas 2022 event. It can be accessed by interacting with Eddie in the Gingerbread Village.

Layout [ ]

Island Layout [ ]

On the Snowball Fight Island, there are multiple fans with presents that spawn in specific locations every few seconds.
The presents can be collected to gain abilities, and the fans can be interacted with to blow the player to wherever the fan is facing.

Game Layout [ ]

There are 2 teams, with a maximum of five players per team. When spawning in, each player gets 40 snowballs. For every player a team has defeated, the team gets a 1 point increment. When a team has 20 points, the game ends and the players on that team wins a Christmas Present 2022 . Both teams get 150-290 Snowflake Tickets depending on the assists and kills the player has.
The player can interact with a fan to blow themselves to the desired location, or collect presents to get abilites.

The player's entire inventory and passive health regen are disabled until the player leaves the game mode.

Abilities [ ]

The player can only equip 3 abilities at a time, 1 ability for each color.

Adrenaline: The lower the player's health is, the more damage the player deals. Empowered: Deal 25% more damage. Healer: Hitting enemies will trigger AOE heal for teammates in range. Leader: Nearby teammates will take 15% less damage. Haste: Gain increased movement speed. Misfortune: Hitting enemies causes them to take more damage the more they are hit.

Trivia [ ]

Players can rarely drop jukebox discs upon death. If a player attempts to throw a snowball while still on death, the death animation will not played and glitched. This is the first mini game of the Party Mode .