Source: https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Buffalkor_Island

----------------------------------------

Buffalkor Island Current 1 Current 2 Old Required skill Level 7 Combat Resources Coal Iron Ore Gold Ore Copper Ore Electrite Marble Slate Basalt Mobs Buffalkor Coal Rock Mimic Iron Rock Mimic Gold Rock Mimic

Buffalkor Island is one of the seven mob islands in the game. It was added on May 17, 2020 and can be accessed once the player reaches Combat level 7. If the requirement is met, the portal on Slime Island and buffalkor portals on player islands will be able to transport the player to the island.

Resources [ ]

Foliage [ ]

Buffalkor Island naturally spawns 4 different foliage plants:

Starfruit Tomato Acorn Horseradish

Ores [ ]

The following ore rocks spawn on Buffalkor Island:

Stone Coal Iron Gold Copper Electrite Slate Marble Basalt

Mobs [ ]

Buffalkor [ ]

Buffalkors are slow but tough mobs and that spawn throughout the island.

Rock Mimic [ ]

Rock mimics spawn disguised as one of the three ore rocks : coal , iron , or gold . Standing near one or attempting to mine it will cause it to attack the player.

Portals [ ]

There are three portals on Buffalkor Island; one leading back to Slime Island , one to Wizard Island , and one to the Diamond Mines . The Slime Island portal can be found behind the player when they spawn into the island, while the Wizard Island portal, which requires the player to have Combat level 20 or higher, can be found at the other end of the island. The Diamond Mines portal can be found at the end of a cave in the Diamond Mines Crater , and it requires Combat level 46 to enter.

Locations [ ]

NOTE : The names of the locations listed below are not the real names for them. They are simply made up so the player can better understand them.

Slate Mines [ ]

Slate Mines 1 2 Resources Slate The Slate Mines is a hole in the ground that contains slate . It can be found near the first excavator near the Slime Portal .

Buffalkor Crater [ ]

Buffalkor Crater Resources Iron Ore Gold Ore Copper Ore Basalt The Buffalkor Crater is the biggest part of Buffalkor Island. It is a giant hole in the ground containing iron , gold , copper , and basalt ore rocks in addition to the Crystal Springs and Diamond Mines Crater .

Crystal Springs [ ]

Crystal Springs Can Fish in No Not to be confused with the Crystal pools in the Diamond Mines , the Crystal Springs is a body of water found in the crater of Buffalkor Island.

Electrite Arch [ ]

Electrite Arch 1 2 Resources Electrite The Electrite Arch is an arch with a shallow abyss below it. Electrite rocks can be found inside the ravine.

Diamond Mines Crater [ ]

Diamond Mines Crater 1 2 Resources Iron Ore Gold Ore The Diamond Mines Crater is a crater located inside the Buffalkor Crater. There are two large caves nearby with a blue crystal in them, and both of which lead to the Diamond Mines Portal .

Marble Mines [ ]

Marble Mines 1 2 Resources Marble The Marble Mines is located beneath the excavator that points directly to the Slate Mines excavator. It contains marble rocks .

History [ ]

May 17, 2020 Added Buffalkor Island. July 11, 2020 Starfruit now spawn on Buffalkor Island. July 17, 2020 Added the Wizard Island portal. Acorns and horseradishes now spawn on Buffalkor Island. December 11, 2020 Electrite rocks now spawn on Buffalkor Island. January 22, 2021 Buffalkor Island keys are no longer required to access the island; instead, level 7 Combat is now required. February 12, 2021 Added the Diamond Mines portal. April 4, 2021 Revamped Buffalkor Island. Added specific locations buffalkors are able to spawn in and increased the limit from 2 to 3. Slate and marble rocks now spawn on Buffalkor Island. November 27, 2021 Expanded the spawn area of buffalkors to a limit of 6, up from 3. June 18, 2022 Coal rock mimics and basalt rocks now spawn on Buffalkor Island. June 25, 2022 Iron and gold rock mimics now spawn on Buffalkor Island.

Gallery [ ]