Source: https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Godzilla_vs._Kong

----------------------------------------

Godzilla vs. Kong Date March 19, 2021 - April 4, 2021 Description The Godzilla vs Kong event is live! Complete quests to unlock limited edition rewards: - Kong's Axe - Kong Trophy - Staff of Godzilla - Godzilla Trophy - Palm Tree Saplings The Godzilla vs. Kong event was a promotional event, sponsored by the Godzilla vs. Kong movie. Two islands were added where players could complete quests for limited event items.

Quests [ ]

Godzilla quest [ ]

The Godzilla quest was located on the Godzilla Island which could be accessed through the portal in the Hub , or by pressing the "Godzilla" button to the right of the screen.

On the island, the player needed to talk with the quest NPC, Holt , to receive the quests .

The first quest was to discover 5 footprints left by Godzilla around the island. The player also had to disable 3 turrets, also located around the island. When the player had completed the first quest and talked to Holt , they would be rewarded with the Godzilla Trophy .

In the second quest, the player needed to clean up the rubble in the middle of the street and complete a parkour that led to the top of the city. When this quest was completed, and the player talked to Holt, they would be rewarded with the Staff of Godzilla as well as the Godzilla Badge .

Kong quest [ ]

The Kong quest was located on the Kong Island which could also be accessed through the portal in the Hub , or by pressing the "Kong" button to the right of the screen.

On the island, the player needed to talk with the quest NPC, Bosco , to receive the quests.

In the first quest, the player needed to harvested 10 coconuts from Palm Trees around the island. The player also needed to study (interact with) 5 bone piles, also located around the island. When the player had completed the first quest and talked to Bosco , they would be rewarded with the Kong Trophy .

In the second quest, the player needed to find a pouch and climb 3 different mountains and interact with the binoculars at the top. When this quest is completed, and the player talked to Bosco , they would be rewarded with Kong's Axe as well as the Kong Badge .

Chat tags [ ]

When the player talked to Bosco or Holt , the player also had an option to join a "team" and get a chat tag . The player could change their team at any time.

Trivia [ ]

This was the second ever movie partnership event, the first being the Halloween 2020 event. After the countdown in the Hub reached zero, it slowly sunk into the ground. Shortly after, the event portals and their diorama rose up out of the ground, allowing players to visit the event islands. It had rumbling noises in the whole map, and had holes in the floor in the main island.