Source: https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Butterfly_Ticket

----------------------------------------

Butterfly Ticket Description A ticket obtained from the Butterfly Festival. Use to claim rewards from the butterfly merchant. Butterfly tickets are the official currency of the Butterfly Festival event, granting the player the ability to purchase various limited items. The item cannot be dropped, traded , or put in vending machines , chests , and trash cans .

Obtaining [ ]

Butterfly Festival [ ]

During the Butterfly Festival event, players could have competed in 3-minute butterfly catching contests with other players in the server they are in to earn butterfly tickets. The amount of butterfly tickets a player received at the end of the contest depended on the amount of points they scored on the leaderboard.

Rank Prize 1st 10 butterfly tickets 2nd 5 butterfly tickets 3rd and under 2 butterfly tickets

Quests [ ]

The following quests could have been completed during the Butterfly Festival event:

Quest Type Tasks Reward Prerequisites Cooldown duration Welcome to the Festival! Multiple Go to the Butterfly Festival Access to next task An ongoing Butterfly Festival Non-repeatable Take part in the fishing festival! [sic] 5 butterfly ticket Butterfly Festival! Catch Catch 10 Butterflies ! 10 butterfly ticket Access to next task An ongoing Butterfly Festival 1 day Catch 25 Butterflies ! 30 butterfly ticket Access to next task Catch 50 Butterflies ! 50 butterfly ticket Access to next task Catch 100 Butterflies ! 50 butterfly ticket

Usage [ ]

Purchasing [ ]

Players could have purchased various items from Catherine on Butterfly Festival Island using butterfly tickets.

Image Name Price Butterfly Festival Trophy 650 butterfly tickets Golden Net 750 butterfly tickets Butterfly Event Bench 25 butterfly tickets Frog Topiary 50 butterfly tickets Rabbit Topiary 50 butterfly tickets Butterfly Event Archway 25 butterfly tickets

History [ ]

September 3, 2022 Added butterfly tickets. September 10, 2022 Butterfly tickets are now unobtainable.