Source: https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Status_Effect

----------------------------------------

A status effect is a game mechanic in Islands that gives either a positive or negative impact to the player or a negative impact to a mob .

Positive [ ]

Speed and Jump Healing

Negative [ ]

Neutral [ ]

Mob-only [ ]

Stats [ ]

There are currently 34 effects in Islands as seen in the table below.

Icon Effect Source Type Causes Duration Speed Chili Pepper Fortune Cookie Sweet Rice Dessert Potato and Duck Egg Scramble Duck Yak Consume / Mount Chili pepper/Duck/Yak: The player's movement speed is increased by 25%. Sweet rice dessert: The player's movement speed is increased by 30%. Potato and duck egg scramble: The player's movement speed is increased by 40%. Chili pepper: 1 minute Sweet rice desert: 8 minutes Fortune cookie: 15 minutes Potato and duck egg scramble: 90 seconds Duck/Yak: Infinite Food Poison Skorp's attack Attack The player is unable to consume any food . (bugged) 7 - 10 seconds Regeneration Regen Potion Fortune Cookie Consume The player gains 10 health every second. Regen potion: 5 seconds Fortune cookie: 15 minutes Strength Strength Potion Fortune Cookie Consume Gives the player a 50% melee damage boost. Strength potion: 1 minute 30 seconds Fortune cookie: 15 minutes Resistance Resistance Potion Fortune Cookie Consume The player will take less damage from mobs. Resistance potion: ? Fortune cookie: 15 minutes Polymorph Formula 86 Chocolate Bar Orange Candy Lollipop Consume / Splash The affected player(s) will be turned into a mouse. This hides the player's hotbar . 2 - 5 seconds Stun Kor's Stomp attack Bhaa's Sandstone Hurl and Sandstone Spike attack Slime Queen's Headbutt and Giant Slimeball attack Attack The player's movement speed is decreased by 50% or unable to sprint. Prior to June 3, 2022 : The player is unable to jump. 6 - 8 seconds 50% attack speed Slime Queen's Giant Slimeball attack Attack The player's melee weapon attack speed is decreased by 50%. (Currently bugged) 8 - 10 seconds Slowed Mud Blocks Misc The player's movement speed is decreased by 25%. Infinite Fishing Luck Fortune Cookie Consume The player's fishing reward luck is increased by 20%. 15 minutes Carpentry Crafting Yield Carrot Cake Fortune Cookie Consume The player's gains 15% more output when crafting in carpentry station . 15 minutes Mob Coins Roasted Honey Carrot Fortune Cookie Consume The player has a 50% chance for mobs to drop coins on death. 15 minutes Mining Yield Deviled Eggs Fortune Cookie Consume The player gains +25% mining drop yield. 15 minutes Experience Boost Jam Sandwich Fortune Cookie Consume The player gains +15% skill experience. 15 minutes Break Speed Tomato Soup Fortune Cookie Bhutan Butter Tea Consume The player's break speed is increased by 20%. Tomato soup: 15 minutes Bhutan butter tea: 30 seconds Fishing Double Catch Fortune Cookie Consume The player has a 30% chance to catch 2 fish at once. 15 minutes Seed Yield Potato Salad Fortune Cookie Gondo Datshi Consume The player's crop seed yield multiplier increases by 10%. Potato salad: 15 minutes Gondo datshi: 5 minutes Mining Luck Lemon Puff Fortune Cookie Consume The player's mining reward luck is increased by 20%. 15 minutes Mob Damage Starfruit Cake Glass of Milk Fortune Cookie Consume Starfruit cake and fortune cookie: The player deals +25% damage against mobs. Glass of milk: The player deals +30% damage against mobs. Starfruit cake and fortune cookie: 15 minutes Glass of milk: 22 seconds Logging Yield Truffle Pizza Fortune Cookie Consume The player's logging drop yield is increased by 25%. 15 minutes Farming Yield Truffle Avocado Toast Fortune Cookie Consume The player's farming drop yield is increased by 20%. 15 minutes Merchant Sell Boost Tuna Roll Fortune Cookie Consume The player earns +7% coins when selling to merchants. 15 minutes Mob Drop Luck Dragon Roll Blueberry Cookie Fortune Cookie Consume Dragon roll and fortune cookie: The player's mob drop reward luck is increased by 30%. Blueberry cookie: The player's mob drop reward luck is increased by 30%. Dragon roll and fortune cookie: 15 minutes Blueberry cookie: 1 minute Tree Fruit Harvest Yield Philadelphia Roll Fortune Cookie Consume The player's tree fruit harvest yield is increased by 25%. 15 minutes Food Crafting Yield Tai Nigiri Fortune Cookie Consume The player gains 10% more output when crafting food. 15 minutes Might of Fhanhorn Fhanhorn's Pancakes Fortune Cookie Consume The player has a 0.3% chance for mobs to drop an antler shield or antler hammer when defeated. 15 minutes Random Positive Potion Effect Fortune Cookie Consume The player is granted either Regeneration , Strength , or Resistance . (Currently bugged) 15 minutes Fishing Speed Tier 1 Bait Tier 2 Bait Use Tier 1 bait: The player gains +15% fishing speed. Tier 2 bait: The player gains +25% fishing speed. 2 minutes - Speed and Jump Horse Mount The player's movement speed is increased by 100% and jump power is increased by 50%. Infinite Smoke Resistance Void Potion Consume Grants 50% damage resistance to void smoke . 30 seconds - Healing Ethereal Weapons Attack The player will get healed slowly. Instantaneous Mob-only - Area of Effect Hydro Weapons Attack Mobs surrounding the mob attacked by the weapon will be damaged. ? - Burning Inferno Weapons Attack The attacked mob will burn and get damaged over time. ? - Frost Frost Weapons Attack The attacked mob will have its movement slowed down. ? - Poison Toxin Weapons Attack The attacked mob will poisoned and get damaged over time. ? - Shock Storm Weapons Attack The attacked mob will get shocked and get damaged over time. ? - Vulnerability Quake Weapons Attack The attacked mob will take in more damage. ? - Weakness Void Weapons Attack The attacked mob will have its attack damage reduced by 50% ? Removed - Slowness Quake Weapons Attack The attacked mob will have its movement slowed down. ?

Trivia [ ]

Polymorph , Stun , 50% attack speed , and Slowed use the same icon as Food Poison . Tree Fruit Harvest Yield and Logging Yield use the same icon as Regeneration . Random Positive Potion Effect use the same icon as Might of Fhanhorn. Unlike mounting a duck or yak , a status effect doesn't indicate when mounting a horse or vulture due to its permanent boost. The horse have the following effect set in place: The player's movement speed is increased by 100%. The player's jump power is increased by 50%. The vulture have the following effect set in place: The player's movement speed is increased by 25%. The break speed of Tomato Soup , Fortune Cookie , and Bhutan Butter Tea 's Break Speed or the crop seed yield of Potato Salad , Fortune Cookie, and Gondo Datshi currently cannot be stacked together.