Source: https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Halloween_2023

----------------------------------------

Halloween 2023 Date October 13, 2023 - November 3, 2023

The Halloween 2023 event is an event that took place from October 14, 2023. In the event, players were able to complete a special event to obtain Tickets, which can later be traded for limited Halloween-themed furniture blocks and items. The Hub was revamped completely to be Halloween-themed. The Hub now has a greyish, gloomy effect. The music disappeared as well.

Locations [ ]

In the Hub, you find a new NPC called the Hooded Figure with the profession ???. Talk to him, and a screen with the shop appears. You will be able to get many various items, from Halloween themed furniture to a Cat Pet Spawn egg . You will be able to also interact with the event board, which will lead you into a queue to the Halloween Event - The Haunted Mansion. Once inside the mansion, you will be asked to talk with the hooded figure near the gate, which will give you a shovel, and require you to dig for the heirloom in the graveyard. In the graveyard, you will see black clumps that look like ores, click them with a shovel and you might get the heirloom. After collecting it, talk to the figure and go through the gate.

After going through the gate, you will be asked to find a entrance to the mansion. Find the F button on the screen and go in. Inside, you will find three things. After finding, you will put ingredients into the Cauldron. It is in the second level, beyond the wooden door. First light up all candles, then hold F to put the ingredients in. After that, defeat the Cursed Wraith in the first level. After defeating, you get 200 tokens, where you can buy stuff with from the new NPC.

Boss - The Cursed Wraith [ ]

The boss has two attacks. One, he uses his scythe to slash the nearest players. Second, he duplicates himself and shoots with projectiles. Attacking with Spirit Spellbook is recommended, for the boss uses close range attacks. Attacking from a further distance will allow you to take less damage and it will be easier for you to avoid the poisonous gas the boss produces in the process. The damage of each attack are unknown.

Rewards [ ]

Unlike previous events, The Haunted Mansion has players work together on the same team. Because the puzzle solving sections are collaborative, no points are awarded to anyone upon completing these sections.

The fight with The Cursed Wraith is the only chance for players to earn points - the more damage done, the more points the player receives.

The player receives 1 Cauldron from defeating The Cursed Wraith. Depending on how many points were earned during the fight, the player also receives anywhere from 20–50 tickets when the obby finishes.

Rank Prize 1st 50 tickets 2nd 40 tickets 3rd 30 tickets 4th 20 tickets