Source: https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Hub

----------------------------------------

Hub Current Halloween 2022 Old layout Older layout Islands 2nd Anniversary Halloween 2020 Christmas 2020 Godzilla vs. Kong Patrick Star Halloween 2021 Resources See Resources Villagers See Villagers Mobs Fish The Hub is the main island in Islands . It is accessed through the portal on the player's island . Most villagers are located in the Hub.

Resources [ ]

Villagers [ ]

Portals [ ]

There are currently three portals in the Hub - one large one near the central area leading back to the player's island , one next to Ivon leading to Slime Island and one at the end of the path near Melody and Fulco that leads to Maple Isles . During the PvP Alpha , PvP Beta , Fishing Festival , Godzilla vs. Kong , and Farming Festival events, portal(s) to their respective event island(s) opened in the central area.

Portal to player's island Portal to Slime Island Portal to Maple Isles (replaced by Don ) Portal to PvP Island (removed) Portal to Fishing Festival Island (removed) Portal to Godzilla Island (removed) Portal to Skull Island (removed) Portal to Farming Festival Island (removed) Portal to BedWars (removed) Portal to Butterfly Festival Island (removed)

Easter eggs & secrets [ ]

Removed easter eggs & secrets [ ]

There was an oil well near Doug and during Halloween 2021 there was no terrain under it so if a player jumped in, they would fall through the void and see a giant spider under the map. There was a very long tunnel near where snow and ice used to spawn in the hub, but it just leaded to another side of the hub. By the river, behind the arch, there was a hidden cave that lead to a rock with a glowing white stone sword stuck inside. This sword hinted the Mercenary . Near the icy mountain behind the castle, behind the mountain, a hidden tunnel could be found that leads to a glowing ice crystal. There was a helmet under a pine tree ; it was located behind Ivon . On the house next to Ivon, there was a small character in the roof titled "baby". On the blue house with the windmill, there was a small character in the roof with no title. During Christmas 2020 event, there was a trap door which led to a cave where players would find a larger version of a snow globe , some presents , and a snowman carrying its head. Before the Godzilla vs. Kong event, glowing red rocks that looked like meteorites spawned on the mountains. The purpose is unknown. In the left side of the castle, there was a cave with a shaking wagon in it.

Trivia [ ]

There was a countdown located on the statue in the main area of the Hub which counted down to August 13, 2022. This is one of the two oldest locations in the game, the other being the player's island . The Hub and Player's Island shared the same server until the November 1, 2020 update separated the two islands, making it so if the player is on a private server, the Hub will still be on the same server. It was changed on November 7, 2020 . The Hub has went through various versions, the original, the Halloween 2020 event, the second version , the Christmas 2020 event, the Godzilla vs. Kong event, the Patrick Star Event , the modified second one , the Halloween 2021 event, and the current. Taliyah's barn was first added as a construction zone before the building was actually revealed, and was remodeled three times afterwards, on November 1, 2020 , February 26, 2021 , and October 18, 2021 . Electrite rocks used to be able to spawn on the Hub Mountain, but was changed for them to only spawn on Buffalkor Island on January 4, 2021 . In the July 17, 2021 update, the hub got a small expansion with Hannah and her pirate ship which leads to Pirate Island . They are located at the docks past Dom and Thomas . In private servers, the Hub will occasionally glitch and not load in properly when the player first spawns there, resulting in players falling through the Hub and into the void before respawning back at their island. A skeleton near the portal during the Halloween 2022 event was not anchored and therefore scatter into movable pieces when the player spawns in. This was fixed in the October 22, 2022 update.

Gallery [ ]