Source: https://robloxislands.fandom.com/wiki/Portal

----------------------------------------

List of portals [ ]

Portal to Hub [ ]

The portal to the Hub is located on the player's island . There are 2 model variations of this portal obtainable through gamepasses . The grass block beneath the portal cannot be broken.

Players with 100 million coins or more before the Economy Wipe have golden portals instead of the default purple.

During Christmas 2020 , portals had snow on top of them.

Image Name Obtained by Portal Spawns on the player's island upon joining the game. VIP Portal Purchasing the VIP Gamepass . Pro Portal Purchasing the Pro Gamepass . Golden Portals Have 100 million or more coins before the Economy Wipe . Snowy Portals Play during Christmas 2020 .

Natural island portals [ ]

The following islands have one or more portals:

Hub Portal to the Player's Island Portal to Slime Island Portal to the Maple Isles (removed) Portal to BedWars (removed) Portal to Skull Island ( Godzilla vs. Kong event) (removed) Portal to Godzilla Island ( Godzilla vs. Kong event) (removed) Portal to Fishing Festival Island (removed) Portal to PvP Island (removed) Portal to Witch Island (removed) Portal to Farming Festival Island (removed) Slime Island Portal to the Hub Portal to Buffalkor Island (Level 7 Combat required) Portal to Spirit Island Spirit Island Portal to Slime Island Buffalkor Island Portal to Slime Island Portal to Wizard Island (Level 20 Combat required) Portal to Diamond Mines (Level 46 Combat required) Wizard Island Portal to Buffalkor Island Portal to Desert Island (Level 36 Combat required) Desert Island Portal to Wizard Island Rift to Void Isles Diamond Mines Portal to Buffalkor Island Underworld Portal to the Player's Island Maple Isles Portal to the Hub (removed) Void Isles Rift to Player's Island

Craftable portals [ ]

The following portals can be placed, broken, and crafted by the player:

Image Name Recipe Crafting station Slime Portal 1 Slime Portal Shard 80 Stone Workbench Tier 3 Workbench Tier 4 Buffalkor Portal 1 Buffalkor Portal Shard 120 Iron Ingot Workbench Tier 3 Workbench Tier 4 Wizard Portal 1 Wizard Portal Shard 120 Stone Brick 30 Red Carpet Workbench Tier 3 Workbench Tier 4 Desert Portal 1 Desert Portal Shard 120 Red Sandstone Brick 5 Cactus Workbench Tier 3 Workbench Tier 4 Diamond Mines Portal 1 Diamond Mines Portal Shard 150 Stone Brick 15 Enchanted Diamond Workbench Tier 3 Workbench Tier 4 Mysterious Portal 1 Mysterious Fragment #1 1 Mysterious Fragment #2 1 Mysterious Fragment #3 1 Mysterious Fragment #4 Workbench Tier 3 Workbench Tier 4